docs: clarify secondary behaviour when xfr-cycle-interval elapses (#15322)
PowerDNS/pdns: docs/settings.rst

On a primary, this is the amount of seconds between the primary checking
the SOA serials in its database to determine to send out NOTIFYs to the
secondaries. On secondaries, this is the number of seconds between the

> secondary checking for zones where the REFRESH period has expired.

Reviewer: I think there's one too many "secondary".
```suggestion
check for zones where the REFRESH period has expired.
```
Or even
```suggestion
check for zones which REFRESH period has expired.
```

Author: Good catch, fixed.

> For zones where the REFRESH period is found to have expired, secondaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should this be the case, secondaries
```
might be less repetitive.
